Basemap example scripts

allskymap_cr_example.py is an all-sky plot that uses the module allskymap.py
to make sky maps used in astronomy.

simpletest.py is the simple example given in the Basemap docstrings.

simpletest_oo.py is the same example, but using the "OO" interface (does
not import pylab).

test.py exercises all the available map projections by plotting the etopo 
20 minute bathymetry/topography data using imshow.

contour_demo.py demonstrates the use of filled contours with map projections.

customticks.py shows how to create custom tick labels for a cylindrical
projection.

plotcities.py shows how to read and plot data from a shapefile containing
Point data.

plotmap.py is the example on the matplotlib 'screenshots' page (included
in test.py) which shows the ETOPO topography as an image on a Lambert
Conformal projection (using imshow).

plotmap_shaded.py shows how to make a 'shaded relief' plot by specifying
the location of a lightsource.

plotmap_oo.py is a version of plotmap.py that does not import pylab - it uses
the matplotlib OO interface instead.

plotmap_masked.py is a version of plotmap.py that shows how to mask out
portions of the plot (in this case the oceans) using pcolor and imshow.

nytolondon.py shows how to draw a great circle on a map (NY to London)

hires.py illustrates the use of the high-resolution coastlines, by
drawing the coastlines, political boundaries and rivers of the British
Isles. Shows how to pickle and re-load a Basemap class instance (useful
for high-res coastlines when you are plotting the same small map region
many times in different scripts).

quiver_demo.py shows how to plot wind vectors on a map.

barbs_demo.py shows how to plot wind barbs on a map.

randompoints.py demonstrates the use of scatter to plot randomly distributed
points on the earth.

ortho_demo.py demonstrates the orthographic projection - you can interactively
enter the reference lat/lon (the viewpoint of the satellite). Also shows
how to plot the default 5 minute land-sea mask, specifying the colors
to be used for land and ocean areas.

geos_demo.py demonstrates the geostationary projection - you can interactively
enter the reference longitude and height above the equator of the
satellite.

geos_demo_2.py demonstrates how to read in a geostationary satellite image
from a jpeg file, then plot only a portion of the full earth (contributed
by Scott Sinclair, requires PIL).

geos_demo_3.py shows how to make a regional geostationary or orthographic 
plot, where part of the region is outside the projection limb.

fcstmaps.py is a sample multi-panel plot that accesses
data over http using the dap module. An internet connection is required.

fcstmaps_axesgrid.py is the same as above, but illustrates the use
of the AxesGrid toolkit.

plotsst.py also uses dap client to access the data, and also illustrates
how the NetCDFFile function deals with missing values.

wiki_example.py is the example from the MatplotlibCookbook scipy wiki page
(http://www.scipy.org/wikis/topical_software/MatplotlibCookbook/wikipage_view).

fillstates.py is an example that shows how to draw 
and fill polygons (in this case U.S. States) from
and ESRI shapefile. 

hurrtrack.py plots hurricane tracks from shapefile data 
(from nationalatlas.gov).

testgdal.py is an example that shows how to plot GIS data 
using the gdal module (http://gdal.maptools.org).

panelplot.py shows how to make multi-panel plots, taking special care to 
make sure that map aspect ratios are preserved (so you don't get squished
and/or stretched maps).

polarmaps.py illustrates the use of the special-case versions of the 
stereographic, lambert azimuthal equal area, azimuthal equidistant 
projections (prefixed by 'np' and 'sp').

warpimage.py shows how to use an image as a map background with the
'warpimage' and 'bluemarble' Basemap methods. Requires PIL.

garp.py makes a 'World According to Garp' map - an azimuthal equidistant
projection centered on a specified location.  Straight lines from that
location to any point on the map have true scale and show the shortest
route.  Shows how to use the 'width' and 'height' keywords
to specify the map projection region (instead of specifying
the lat/lon of the upper right and lower left corners).

More examples of using the 'width' and 'height' keywords (instead of
'llcrnrlat','llcrnrlon','urcrnrlat','urcrnrlon') are given in setwh.py.

plot_tissot.py - tissot's indicatrix, shows the distorting effects of
different map projections.

animate.py shows how to make an animation.

ccsm_popgrid.py shows how to plot data on 2d grids which are not 
rectilinear in map projection or geographic coordinates.  The NCAR
Parallel Ocean Program grid is used as an example.

show_colormaps.py plots the extra colormaps included with basemap.

plotprecip.py use nonlinear precip colormap included with basemap
to make a rainfall plot.

cubed_sphere.py - plot a "cubed globe" suitable for cutting and folding,
a la http://www.progonos.com/furuti/MapProj/Normal/ProjPoly/Foldout/Cube/cube.html.

run_all.py is a driver script that runs all the examples except fcstmaps.py,
testgdal.py, geos_demo_2.py, warpimage.py, and pnganim.py (which
rely on external dependencies and/or an internet connection).

embedding_map_in_wx.py is an example of how to embed Basemap using wx or wxagg
in a GUI application.

save_background.py shows how to save a map background and reuse it in another
figure (without having to redraw coastlines).

maskoceans.py shows how to mask 'wet' areas on a plot.

plothighsandlows.py shows to plot H's and L's at the local extrema of a pressure map
(requires scipy).

daynight.py shows how to shade the regions of a map where the sun has set.

ploticos.py demonstrates plotting on unstructured grids.

lic_demo.py shows how to use vectorplot scikit to visualize vector fields with
Line Integral Convolutions (LIC).

streamplot_demo.py shows how to use new matplotlib streamplot method to visualize wind fields.

hexbin_demo.py shows how to plot scattered data using matplotlib hexbin function.

make_inset.py shows how to make an inset showing the location of the map projection region
from a global perspective.

utmtest.py shows how to plot a UTM zone.

shiftdata.py shows how to use the 'latlon' keyword to automatically transform to map
projection coordinates and shift the data longitudinally to fit the map projection region.

counties.py shows how to draw U.S. county boundaries.

testarcgis.py tests using arcgisimage method to retrieve a background image from a 
ArcGIS server using the REST API.

testwmsimage.py shows how to retrieve an image from a WMS server and display
it on a map.

test_rotpole.py shows how to plot regional climate model data in the native 'rotated pole' projection.
